Adding merge guidance (#369)
springernature/frontend-playbook: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you work at Springer Nature, please remember to keep discussion inside the issues and pull requests, avoiding Slack, hallway conversations etc. Remember that this repo is public, and the discussions we have can be of benefit to people apart from us.

### Merging pull requests

> With short-lived feature branches, a key rule is that [code should be quickly merged and deleted](https://trunkbaseddevelopment.com/short-lived-feature-branches/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With short-lived feature branches, a key rule is that [pull requests should be quickly merged and deleted](https://trunkbaseddevelopment.com/short-lived-feature-branches/).
```
